well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about and
two
small government conservatives and we're
going to do this
because you guys keep sending me
messages so really what it boils down to
at this point i just feel
obligated you win the messages are all
pretty much the same
they really are um you want to go vote
for the down ballot races
those are the ones you care about and
when it comes to president
you don't know what to do you're in a
weird spot because
neither one of them is your man you
can't vote for trump again because he's
not small
government he's a failure in every way
and
you're worried he's an authoritarian
because he is y'all are right about that
you can't vote for biden because not
just is he not small
government he's also a liberal
yeah i get it i understand you guys
pretty well it's like sixty percent of
the population around me
the thing is y'all are all pretty much
the same
i mean you really are small government
conservative is code
for i want the government out of my way
so i can make some money
for you guys it really is
it's about money at the end of the day
that's what it's about and y'all all
want the same thing
you'll all have the same policy
considerations because
you are at least honest and you're
pursuing self-interest
and because of that you want the same
things in a candidate you want somebody
that's incredibly well credentialed
because that matters to you guys you
want somebody with like a master's in
business administration and a phd
and like industrial psych because you
believe
the country should be run like a
business only this time you
want somebody who actually knows how to
run a business
everything's about the economy you want
to get rid of the national debt
you want to get rid of corporate
subsidies because it gives the bigger
companies an
unfair advantage against small business
which is you
you want to get rid of the barriers for
small business
y'all are very self-interested okay
again i'm not saying any of this to be
mean but even when it comes to social
issues
it's really about money yeah you're
against mass incarceration
but it's not because you care about the
people getting locked up it's because
you know that locking up a bunch of
non-violent offenders
is a giant waste of money
you want a good immigration policy not
because you care about refugees you
don't
you know that a good immigration policy
is good for the economy
you want to get rid of tariffs for the
same reason
it you're very predictable
and you're right you're absolutely right
neither trump nor biden is your man
the thing is your man is running
her name is joe jorgensen
go look at her platform everything that
small
government conservatives say they want
is her platform
it's not my platform but it's yours
it really is there i mean down to the
letter
at the end of the day
if you don't go look at her platform if
you don't inform yourself about the
other options
what's going to happen you're going to
walk into that voting booth and you're
going to vote for trump
simply because he has an r next to his
name and you don't want to do that
if you took the time to send a message
to somebody
asking about this particular issue it's
because your principles are more
important than your party
that's why you were concerned because
neither one of them reflect your
principles
you feel obligated to vote because
that's part of your principles it's your
civic duty
the thing is your duty is to vote your
conscience
vote for somebody who reflects your
principles
and at the end of the day it's her
if i know you guys i know what you want
and yeah she's a libertarian but she'll
be on the ballot no she doesn't have a
chance of winning
not really not realistically however
after trump the republican party knows
it has to change
if she gets enough votes that's the
direction they'll shift
wouldn't it be nice if your party
the small government party was actually
you know pursuing small government
policies again
isn't that really what you want
i mean you're not opposed to a protest
vote
if you were you wouldn't have sent the
message you just won't do it for biden
and we both know why
it's gun control that's your red line
it's a hard no
you won't do it go look at jorgensen
again
inform yourself you have other options
if you are one of those republicans
who just cannot cast that protest
vote for biden and you're looking for
somebody who reflects your principles
you want to walk out of that voting
booth with a clean conscience
not supporting an authoritarian who is
the exact opposite
of everything that you say you believe
in
you need to go look at her platform i
have a feeling that you're going to
align more closely with that
than you could possibly imagine and i i
want to
stress this again it's not my platform
but for you guys it's perfect down to
every detail
the i mean and again
you know how bad trump is
you know how bad he is you know he's a
failure you know
that you're going to have to have
somebody in there that has the ability
to clean up his mess
he sure can't do it and if you just go
in there without being informed
you're going to revert back to habit
you're going to vote for him
simply because he has an r next to his
name
and that's going to be the other
response well i don't want to
throw away my vote on a third party
as opposed to voting for somebody simply
because of a letter
at least this way you can help guide
your party you can walk out of that
voting booth with a clean conscience
all it takes is informing yourself
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day